Transition to west (#11307)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/getting_started/getting_started.rst

   macOS <installation_mac.rst>
   Windows <installation_win.rst>

.. _get_the_code:

Get the source code
*******************

> In order to get the source code for the Zephyr Project you need to use

Reviewer: Using the word 'need' communicates that it is not possible to manually clone the git repo's, which I assume is not so.

Reviewer 2: How about:

    Zephyr's multi-purpose :ref:west` tool lets you easily get the Zephyr project source code,
    instead of manually cloning the Zephyr repos.

:ref:`west`, Zephyr's multi-purpose tool.

Bootstrap west
==============

> Install the bootstraper for Zephyr's command-line tool, `west <west>` in a

Reviewer 2: I think you're trying to link to the west documentation, so:

    `west <west>`

should be as was done earlier:

    :ref:`west`

shell or ``cmd.exe`` prompt:

.. code-block:: console

   # Linux
   pip3 install --user west

   # macOS and Windows
   pip3 install west

.. note::
   See :ref:`gs_python_deps` for additional clarfication on using the
   `--user` switch.

Clone the Zephyr Repositories
=============================

> To clone the Zephyr source code repositories from GitHub:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Clone the Zephyr source code repositories from GitHub using the ``west`` tool:
```

   macOS <installation_mac.rst>
   Windows <installation_win.rst>

.. _get_the_code:

Get the source code
*******************

Zephyr's multi-purpose :ref:`west` tool lets you easily get the Zephyr project
source code, instead of manually cloning the Zephyr repos along with West
itself.

Bootstrap West
==============

Install the bootstrapper for Zephyr's command-line tool, :ref:`west` in a
shell or ``cmd.exe`` prompt:

.. code-block:: console

   # Linux
   pip3 install --user west

   # macOS and Windows
   pip3 install west

.. note::
   See :ref:`gs_python_deps` for additional clarfication on using the
   `--user` switch.

Additional information about West's structure can be found
:ref:`here <west-struct>`.

Clone the Zephyr Repositories
=============================

Clone the Zephyr source code repositories from GitHub using the ``west`` tool:

.. code-block:: console

   mkdir zephyrproject
   cd zephyrproject

>    west init .

Reviewer 3: the directory defaults to cwd, so `west init` will suffice

Author: Yes I know, but I thought this would highlight the fact that one can specify the installation folder. I originally wrote `west init zephyrproject` but changed it to what it is now in order to avoid confusing people, who could perhaps not see at first sight that `zephyrproject` is just a folder name and not a special name you pass to `west` in order to clone Zephyr and not some other project.

Reviewer 3: I think people will see this and assume the directory is mandatory, and I'm eager to minimize the number of "requirements" (perceived or real) needed to install zephyr.

Author: In that case, and if you want to minimize the number of steps too, should we have:
```
west init zephyrproject
```
instead?

   west clone

> This will clone West itself, along with any projects required by Zephyr. See

Reviewer 3: dangling "see"

Author: Thanks, fixed
